https://youtu.be/8wrtLUHsMgU

Hi guys!
My name is Dmitry, I am 27 years old. I am an electrical network design engineer and of course I am a student at Rolling Scope School. Sorry for the video quality, I don't have a webcam, so I'll try to get by with my phone. I am not very good in english speaking, and I will use that text, that I prepare before, for myself.

At the moment I have a secondary specialized education, a college of railway transport, majoring in energy supply. Now I am in the process of getting my higher education, I have a few weeks left before defending my graduation work in electrical engineering.

I started learning programming because I plan to completely change my life. I realized that what I studied for quite a long time now does not bring me either job satisfaction or sufficient income. What is much worse, in 6 years of work, I see that the situation is getting worse every year. I went through many options for changing activities, I will not list them now. Programming, very unexpectedly for me, evoked a very strong response, although I used to consider programming something very boring. Unexpectedly, it fascinated me very much. Thus, I decided for myself that programming, in particular the front-end, is a great option for changing activities, which turned out to be at the intersection of both my personal interests and career prospects. At the moment I have been studying programming for about half a year, of which the first 2-3 months were not very intensive and effective, because I simply did not have a good plan and program for learning. In February of this year, I read about Rolling Scopes in the comments of a YouTube video about learning to be a front-end developer. It said something along the lines of "There is a very cool school that prepares beginner developers, and it's free." But it was not this comment that interested me, but the answers to it. Many wrote in them, something like: “Yes, everything is cool, but get ready to say goodbye to sleep and free time”, “Yes, I tried to study there, but scored at the layout stage, it’s too difficult” and “Forget it, out of about 1 of 10 students reach the end. I was seized with excitement, I decided that I would definitely try, and try to go as far as possible. That's how I ended up in Rolling Scopes.

I didn't have time to get to stage 0, and decided to go straight to stage 1 without wasting time, in the hope that the few months that I spent in learning to programming before that would help me keep up with the course. There was a moment when I was on the verge of failing the task, due to some problems with the time, and the task that was difficult for me at that time. This was the Shelter project, the part where JS had to be added. But thanks to a great lecture and a sympathetic community, literally in the last hours before the deadline, I managed to finish the assignment and hand it in. Gradually, the initial flash of excitement turned into an even, smooth burning, which still keeps me interested in learning.

I hope that I can successfully pass the interview and continue my education further. Perhaps that's all I wanted to say. Thank you for your attention and bye!


Hi again! A year has passed since the recording of the previous part of the video. During this year I completed my higher education, completed the first and second stages of rolling scopes school, but since there are many gaps in knowledge, and also due to a forced break of about three months, I decided to start training from scratch. I hope this time to successfully complete all three stages of training and finally start looking for a job!
